Init announcement post on new visual identity (#564)
rladies/website: content/about-us/faq/rebrand.en.md

  - q: "I'm a chapter organiser. What do I need to update?"
    a: |
      We've prepared a branding package so you don't have to design anything yourself. Here's a checklist:

      - **Meetup / event platform** — update your group name and logo
      - **Social media accounts** — update display name and profile image (you don't need to change your handle if the platform makes that difficult)
      - **Slide decks and event banners** — switch to the new templates from the [branding materials](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1UV940p-KN9FWoHt4yrZnrc2oAczGw9QB)
      - **Website or landing page** — swap in the new logo and update the name

      See the [RLadies+ Guide](https://guide.rladies.org/branding) branding section for detailed instructions.

  - q: "When do I need to update my chapter's branding?"
    a: |
      We're aiming for **end of 2026** as the target for all chapters to have transitioned. This is not a hard cutoff — we know every chapter runs on volunteer time. Start when you're ready; the branding package is available now. If you need help, reach out on the Organizer Slack.

>       If your chapter isn't currently running events, there's no urgency. When and if you reactivate, use the new branding at that point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  - q: "I'm a chapter organiser. What do I need to update?"
    a: |
      We've prepared a branding package so you don't have to design anything yourself. Here's a checklist:

      - **Meetup / event platform** — update your group name and logo
      - **Social media accounts** — update display name and profile image (you don't need to change your handle if the platform makes that difficult)
      - **Slide decks and event banners** — switch to the new templates from the [branding materials](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1UV940p-KN9FWoHt4yrZnrc2oAczGw9QB)
      - **Website or landing page** — swap in the new logo and update the name

      See the [RLadies+ Guide](https://guide.rladies.org/branding) branding section for detailed instructions.

  - q: "When do I need to update my chapter's branding?"
    a: |
      We're aiming for **end of 2026** as the target for all chapters to have transitioned. This is not a hard cutoff — we know every chapter runs on volunteer time. Start when you're ready; the branding package is available now. If you need help, reach out on the Organizer Slack.

>     a: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

---
build:
  render: never
title: "Rebrand"
icon: "fa-wand-magic-sparkles"
weight: 6
items:
  - q: "Why did R-Ladies rebrand to RLadies+?"
    a: |

>       Our community told us that the name "R-Ladies" didn't reflect everyone we serve. RLadies+ has always supported all minority genders — cis and trans women, trans men, non-binary, genderqueer, and agender individuals — but the old name made some of those people feel unseen. The `+` makes the implicit explicit. Read the full story in our [rebrand announcement](/news/rebrand-launch/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Our community told us that the name "R-Ladies" didn't reflect everyone we serve. RLadies+ has always supported all underrepresented genders — cis and trans women, trans men, non-binary, genderqueer, and agender individuals — but the old name made some of those people feel unseen. The `+` makes the implicit explicit. Read the full story in our [rebrand announcement](/news/rebrand-launch/).
```

  - q: "How do I write the name?"
    a: |
      The official name is **RLadies+** — one word, capital R, capital L, with a `+` at the end. Avoid "R-Ladies+", "R Ladies Plus", or "RLadies Plus" — always use **RLadies+** with the `+` symbol. For your chapter, it's **RLadies+ [City]**, e.g. RLadies+ Berlin.

>   - q: "How do I pronounce it?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - q: "How do I pronounce it (in English)?"
```

    a: |

>       "R Ladies plus" — three words, just as it reads.

Reviewer 2: It depends? The name would likely be localized to whatever you call ‘+’ in the language you use for your chapter activities. Some chapters may prefer to keep ‘plus’ in English, while others might choose to translate it. The same has been happening with the R in RLadies. Here we say the R in Spanish ("erre"), but some other chapters in Latam say the R in English

Reviewer: I suggested adding "(in English)" to the text, because of exactly this.

  - q: "Does the + mean new people are welcome that weren't before?"
    a: |

>       No. The mission has not changed — RLadies+ has always been for all minority genders. The `+` makes that commitment visible in the name rather than only in the Code of Conduct and mission statement. No group is newly included or excluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      No. The mission has not changed — RLadies+ has always been for all underrepresented genders. The `+` makes that commitment visible in the name. No group is newly included or excluded.
```

Reviewer: Because I'm sure there is more documentation that also mentions what groups we serve.

  - q: "What do I call myself as a member?"
    a: |
      You're an **RLadies+ member**, or simply part of the **RLadies+ community**. Whatever feels right to you — there's no single required label.

  - q: "I'm a chapter organiser. What do I need to update?"
    a: |
      We've prepared a branding package so you don't have to design anything yourself. Here's a checklist:

      - **Meetup / event platform** — update your group name and logo
      - **Social media accounts** — update display name and profile image (you don't need to change your handle if the platform makes that difficult)

>       - **Slide decks and event banners** — switch to the new templates from the [branding materials](https://github.com/rladies/branding-materials) or [Google Drive templates](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1UV940p-KN9FWoHt4yrZnrc2oAczGw9QB?usp=sharing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Slide decks and event banners** — switch to the new templates from the [branding materials](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1UV940p-KN9FWoHt4yrZnrc2oAczGw9QB)
```

Reviewer: Because we will archive the old GitHub repo and keep only the Google Drive, this avoids having two places to look for branding stuff, reducing confusion and making it easier to maintain.

Reviewer: We can discuss this a little more, but for now, the Google Drive is ready to go so my suggestion is to use that for now.

      - **Website or landing page** — swap in the new logo and update the name

      See the [RLadies+ Guide](https://guide.rladies.org/branding) branding section for detailed instructions.

  - q: "When do I need to update my chapter's branding?"
    a: |
      We're aiming for **end of 2026** as the target for all chapters to have transitioned. This is not a hard cutoff — we know every chapter runs on volunteer time. Start when you're ready; the branding package is available now. If you need help, reach out on the Organizer Slack.

>   - q: "My chapter is inactive. Do I still need to update?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    a: |

>       If your chapter isn't currently running events, there's no urgency. When and if you reactivate, use the new branding at that point.

Reviewer 2: I don’t think we should include this section about inactive chapters, as it may send a confusing message. If a chapter isn’t currently holding events but plans to resume in the near future, I don't see why they need to wait. If there is no plan to reactivate, then we should close it.

>       If your chapter isn't currently running events, there's no urgency. When and if you reactivate, use the new branding at that point.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this...I would ask for the change under the same circumstances than the rest of the chapters.

  - q: "What about my chapter's social media handles?"
    a: |

>       Update your **display name** to include the `+`. Changing the actual handle (e.g. @RLadiesBerlin) is optional — we know platforms make this difficult and you may lose followers. If you can change it easily, great; if not, the display name is what matters most.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Update your **display name** to include the `+`. Changing the actual handle (e.g. @RLadiesBerlin) is optional. We are aware the many platforms don’t support characters like ‘+’ in usernames, and changing it can cause past mentions or links to your account to stop working. If you can change it easily, great; if not, the display name is what matters most.
```

>   - q: "What if adopting the + is not safe for my chapter?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - q: "What if adopting the new branding is not safe for my chapter?"
```

Reviewer: Because is not only the + ;-)

    a: |

>       Safety comes first, always. Chapters in countries where LGBTQ+ rights are criminalized or under threat are **not expected** to adopt the new branding if doing so would put community members at risk. Local organizers know their context best, and the Global Leadership Team fully supports that judgment. You can continue using the previous branding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Safety comes first, always. Chapters in countries where LGBTQ+ rights are criminalized or under threat are **not expected** to adopt the new branding if doing so would put community members at risk. Local organizers know their context best, and the Global Leadership Team fully supports that judgment. You can continue using the previous branding. We only ask that chapters organizers [communicate this situation to the Leadership Team](mailto:leadersip@rladies.org)
```

Reviewer: @rivaquiroga also did a suggestion (I saw it after)

  - q: "Are old materials (stickers, slides, recordings) still valid?"
    a: |
      Yes. Existing materials don't need to be recalled or deleted. Conference talk recordings, printed stickers, and old slide decks are part of our history. Going forward, use the new branding for new materials.

  - q: "Does the rebrand affect donations or nonprofit status?"
    a: |

>       No. RLadies+ is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit registered as R-Ladies Global. The legal nonprofit name remains R-Ladies Global for now — we are exploring what it takes to update it. This does not affect your chapter, donations, or tax-deductible status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      No. RLadies+ is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit registered as R-Ladies. The legal nonprofit name remains R-Ladies for now — we are exploring what it takes to update it. This does not affect your chapter, donations, or tax-deductible status.
```

Reviewer 2: "Global" is not part of the registered name

  - q: "Where can I get the new logos and templates?"
    a: |

>       Everything is available in the [branding materials repository](https://github.com/rladies/branding-materials) and on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1UV940p-KN9FWoHt4yrZnrc2oAczGw9QB?usp=sharing). For R users, the [spellbind](https://rladies.org/spellbind/) package provides brand colours, the [glamour](https://github.com/rladies/glamour) Quarto extension provides presentation and document templates, and the [cloak](https://github.com/rladies/cloak) package provides a pkgdown theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Everything is available in the [branding materials Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1UV940p-KN9FWoHt4yrZnrc2oAczGw9QB). For R users, the [spellbind](https://rladies.org/spellbind/) package provides brand colours, the [glamour](https://github.com/rladies/glamour) Quarto extension provides presentation and document templates, and the [cloak](https://github.com/rladies/cloak) package provides a pkgdown theme.
```

Reviewer: Hey, I missed all these packages that help with the rebranding!
